---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
feature-img: "img/color.png"
---

Nilay Patel. The name is enough to describe my work, but not my life. I was born in Gujarat, India. Although born in India, I did not visit any states other that the state I was born in. At the age of 12, I came to the United States with my parents.

Unlike other children migrating to the United States for education, I was not held back since I was schooled in English, Hindi, and Gujarati, simultaneously. No, its not hard at all if you were curious. Since the schools in India are taught British English, I did have difficult time understanding American english for about a year. For example, after being told by my english teacher that it's 'color' and not 'colour', I realized I was in a whole another world. Nonetheless, I made some friends in the school and learned proper American english so I could have hold a conversation with them. Yes, it's not what you learn in the classroom, it's what you learn outside the box that matters.

Slowly but steadily, I breezed through middle school and managed to be awarded student of the month a few times and a honor roll student. I got comfortable in my new environment, then my parents decide to move to Maryland, with rest of my family members. A small house, a lot of kids, fresh food, limited vehicles and traveling. It was fun all over again. Now I was in high school with 'ghetto-area.' The active me back then was involved in the engineering club, Chair of the Key Club Fundraising Committee, playing sports (soccer, tennis, and track). Well, I didn't exactly play sports, but I tried out for the school teams.

After a long boring high school, I started attending College of Southern Maryland, a community college. Watching all these Indian movies and tv shows about kids attending college and having fun, and not having to attend early morning classes. Parties, of course. I lost track of my education. Quickly, I realized that I was living in a theoretical world as my grades went down the hill and I had to withdraw from classes because I was failing them. As a first generation college student with disciplined study schedule and will to exceed my expectations, I was deemed a very smart student. Despite my failure, my parents mocked me, but always supported me and gave me another shot at it.

In February 2012, I started my first semester at University of Maryland, Baltimore-County as a transfer student majoring in Biology. On the very first day of classes, I decided to checkout the library during the breaks. Well, guess what? I met my 'supposed' best friend Gaurang Bhatt. He is a smart, witty, talkative, non-drinking, non-smoking guy who likes to have fun in life, but also is equally dedicated to studies. I was the same. There were a bunch of Indian students in that school, but he was the one who first approached me. He convinced me to change my major to Computer Science, then our mutual friends convinced me to major in Bioinformatics. Well, I discovered that I wasn't really good at any of those. Plus, my uncle (my fatherly-figure) and I were involved in a car accident on my birthday. Seeing him in pain with a broken leg (Yes, literally!), that changed my perspective of life and the world I live in. I lost my focus from studies. I lost my focus from my life in general. It was to the point I couldn't even focus on my part-time job that I had.


Again, my grades started rolling down the hill. This time, it was BIG. So big that I barely graduated college. Yes, thanks to the UMBC Office of Undergraduate Education and the Biology Department who made numerous exceptions to policies in order for me to pass a class, and even graduate. You read that right. I had a GPA of 2.5 at the end of my 4th year at UMBC. Before I forget, I would like to thank Gaurang Bhatt who stayed up nights after nights to help me understand and finish my computer science and Bioinformatics homework. He did all this while making sure he attending his classes on time and got his work done. Despite all this chaos and mess that I made my life, my family and my best-friend never let me down. They were always there to help me both mentally, physically, emotionally, and financially. They all know how I think, so they were there to catch me before I even stumbled.

In January of 2016, I moved to the state of North Carolina with my uncle. He bought two Subway restaurants in partnership with a family friend. I attended couple classes that I had left to complete in order to graduate, while helping him at the restaurants. Technically, I didn't have any classes left, but I had to retake them because I failed Organic Chemistry 3 times before I passed it. I have recently made the final negotiations and plea to the UMBC Office of Undergraduate Education and the Biology Department to make one final exception to help me graduate. After realizing the mess I am stuck in, they agreed to award me my Bachelor's in Arts of Biology degree. Knock on wood! I am still awaiting it.

Working at Subway wasn't cutting it and my path to medical school was not logical enough knowing that I couldn't get anybody to write me a decent letter of recommendation or for any school to even open my application. As you might have expected, I met the love of my life, Komal Patel, after moving to NC. She is the sister of my uncle's business partner. He doesn't approve of us because I still work at his restaurant. I am pretty much an employee who is paid hourly. He is right in his terms. Nobody would be willing to marry their daughter or sister to someone who earns $8/hr at the restaurant he owns. I wouldn't either.

Inspired by my friend, motivated by my love, and supported by my family, I decided to start apprenticeship with Bloc. So far, I am two months into the program and I have seen both ups and downs of it too. When I was too tired or felt that I couldn't do this anymore, I didn't give up. I took rest. My mentor, Mark Carpenter, coached me every step of the way to this time, since I started this apprenticeship. He told me when I should study, when I should play, and when I should take rest. Today, I am a bloc student who loves what he is doing and what he will do. Now, my family, my love, my friend, and my mentor all believe that I can do better and I will be a successful person when I graduate from Bloc and step again into the real world. They think that I will reach new heights, meet more people, inspire a whole lot more, all while carrying them all with me. That is success and I will make it happen.
