I Love My Family. Today it was a rough day in general. I got up at 12:30pm. Nobody in the family decided to wake me up. I just woke up. I saw messages from my girlfriend Komal, but she is usually just fine. She gets upset (temporarily) because of little things like Why didn't I wake up early? Or Why didn't I text her earlier? She gets over it after I make-up to her. I showered, prayed, and sat down in the living room with Moma, Mom, Dad, and my Jimit Baby.

Moma and Dad decided to go to Walmart because Jimit wanted to. I said wait I will join you guys since I had to return a hard-drive. We got to Walmart and played around with toys and had fun. We got two basketballs, one brownish-orange color and other black color. When we came home, I decided to stay in the living room little longer before going up to study and finish my homework. Nobody said anything. Mom said why does he always stay in his room? What is there? Despite me explaining to her multiple times that I have homework to do and study, she still calls me out in front of everyone. That's fine, she is my Mom. While working on my homework, I spent 2 hours on one issue that I couldn't resolve. I asked for assistance on slack channel. A fellow bloc student decided to help me out.

After dissecting the problem for over 1 hour, he said he quits and I should just start over since I am not that far into the project. I agreed with him and decided to do so. By that time, I was feeling sleepy so I said let me take a nap quick. I put my mattress down, take my pillow and blanket. I lied down for 10 minutes and I hear my Dad talking about me "Yes, he is always in his room. What else does he do?". I continued to lay down with my eyes closed and let my mind rest. Mom starts screaming because a black kid who was playing outside was taking poop in our downstairs bathroom. I get up and go ask her what's wrong and she continues screaming that a black kid used our bathroom for pooping and didn't even flush. I thought to myself "it's okay, not a big deal". She yells at Deep for letting him use the bathroom.

After getting back to my room, I resumed my homework. I decided to rename the repositories both on GitHub and locally and decided to create new repositories. I followed the advice given by my peer on slack, but it still didn't work. I decided to leave it alone and go play basketball with My Moma. I get ready and go out through the garage since all the ladies are cooking there while my mom lays in the bed. She calls me out in front of everyone again. "Why do you always stay in your room? What do you do all day long in your room?". Nicely and calmly, I said "Mom I was studying. You know that I have homework to do. I have told you that so many times. You complain when I play outside and don't study and hangout with Moma. Then you complain when I decide to study quietly in my room." She didn't reply back to me.

I joined the ongoing game of basketball with my Moma, Jason (our white neighbor), and few black kids. We lost the first game, but won the second game. It didn't end well. I fell and scrapped my right-leg, my back, and both of my hands. After the game, I quickly showered and went to Mandir room. My Mom says "Wow! You are here in Aarti after a long-time. Thank you for coming so I can go relax now". Immediately, I start to think "If you get tired of doing Aarti, then you shouldn't do it. You are just doing it for the show. Do it because you want to do it, not because you have to." I did the Aarti and prayed. Thereafter, I decided to go play with Jimit Baby and feed him Nuttella-covered bread. We shared one piece of bread, then he wanted another one. Thereafter, a third one. When I was done, Pinkal (my cousin-sister) made sandwiches for dinner. So I ate three of them since they were pretty decent.

After washing my hands and drinking some water, I decided to go sit with Moma since he was doing some work. I asked Deep to move his leg since I want to sit with Moma and see what he is doing. He said no and gave me a smart answer. A few minutes later, Dad asked him to get the container of mouth freshener and give some to everybody sitting there. He explicitly mentioned everyone's names. Deep decides to give it to everyone, but when it was my turn, he wanted to be a smart-ass again and refuse. He starts laughing and I said "Deep just shut-up and give me some". At that point, he wanted to be an ass, but nobody said anything to him. Jimit baby got two guns from his toy collection and wanted to play with Deep so he got up. Deep decided to mock me again since Jimit took the gun from my hands and gave it to him. I just said whatever and let it slide.

Jimit Baby decided to do something and called my name, so I said "No Jimit, Say Bhakti (Deep's nickname)". Deep quickly decided to get mad and yell, "My name is not bhakti. I go by Deep". I replied "I wasn't talking about you. I said Bhakti, not Deep". He turns around and complains to my Mom. She quickly started yelling at me. I told her that it wasn't towards him, but sure I will stop calling him that if he stops being a smart-ass. She told me that I shouldn't pay attention to what he says or does because he is younger than me and I should think about Sonalmasi and what she does for me. I said Mom its not about what Masi does and doesn't do for me. It's about him not being a smart-ass with me. Nobody said anything to him, but started yelling at me. I got upset so I decided to leave the living room and come upstairs to my room and study. She said "Wow you want to get upset and leave just because we said something. You can't even stay here and listen, even though we do so much for you. We took care of you and brought you up."



NOTE: If you help someone, do it for the sake of it. Don't ever mention it or keep on reminding them that you did this much for them. Just because you bring up a child, doesn't mean he shouldn't say something when you are wrong. Why would you help someone if you expect them to tolerate the wrong? If you do it, just to remind them someday that you helped them out, it's not right. Why am I being silenced when I speak the truth against family? Maybe because my Dad decided to retire early and move back to India. My mom is a housewife. My sister is a unwed Hindu female. I don't own anything. I don't have job or a house. Whatever I have belongs to My Family. My expensive clothes, my shoes, my laptop, my bed, and even the life I live. I am nothing. I am completely worthless because my net worth is zero. I guess I even owe them this life that I am living. This is the truth of my world.  
